Add noisy simulation via fake backends (#35)
iqm-finland/qiskit-on-iqm: docs/user_guide.rst

                                                                                              ║
           meas_2: ═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╩═

Simulating the execution of a transpiled circuit locally

> --------------------------------------------------------
> We can also simulate the execution of any transpiled circuit locally before actually executing it on real hardware by running it like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--------------------------------------------------------

The execution of any transpiled circuit can be simulated locally, before actually executing it on real hardware,
by executing it on an :class:`IQMFakeBackend` instance: 
```

.. code-block:: python

    from qiskit import execute, QuantumCircuit
    from qiskit_iqm import IQMFakeAdonis
    from qiskit.compiler import transpile

    circuit = QuantumCircuit(2)
    circuit.h(0)
    circuit.cx(0, 1)
    circuit.measure_all()

    backend = IQMFakeAdonis()
    circuit = transpile(circuit, backend=backend)
    job = execute(circuit, backend, qubit_mapping=None, shots=1000)
    job.result().get_counts()

> This script uses an `IQMFakeAdonis` instance to conduct a noisy simulation of a circuit that was transpiled specifically to an IQM device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This script uses an :class:`.IQMFakeAdonis` instance to conduct a noisy simulation of a circuit that was transpiled specifically to an IQM device.
```

This makes the documentation to automatically add link to the documentation of the class

> This script uses an :class:`.IQMFakeAdonis` instance to conduct a noisy simulation of a circuit that was transpiled specifically to an IQM device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Above we use an :class:`.IQMFakeAdonis` instance to conduct a noisy simulation of ``circuit`` after transpiling it for that specific backend.
```

> To use a noisy simulation you can import a `IQMFakeAdonis`. We have provided a chip sample that is used as a standard when creating an instance of
> `IQMFakeAdonis`. If you want to use your own noise parameters, you can just create your own chip sample by adapting the following template:

Reviewer: Chip sample isn't a very informative word choice for an end user. I'd suggest "QPU sample" or "QPU specimen" or something like that.

```suggestion
:class:`IQMFakeBackend` can be initialized using an :class:`IQMChipSample` instance, which describes the
physical properties of the QPU specimen to be simulated. If not provided, by default each :class:`IQMFakeBackend` subclass uses representative values for that QPU type.

`IQMFakeAdonis`. If you want to use your own noise parameters, you can just create your own chip sample by adapting the following template:
```

.. code-block:: python

    from qiskit_iqm import IQMChipSample
    from qiskit_iqm import Adonis, Apollo

    some_chip_sample = IQMChipSample(
        quantum_architecture=Adonis(), # can be Adonis() (5-qubit architecture) or Apollo() (20-qubit architecture)
        # T1 times for all qubits, index indicates the qubit number
        t1s={0: 50000.0, 1: 50000.0, 2: 50000.0, 3: 50000.0, 4: 50000.0},
        # T2 times for all qubits, index indicates the qubit number
        t2s={0: 50000.0, 1: 50000.0, 2: 50000.0, 3: 50000.0, 4: 50000.0},
        # Gate fidelities for one and two qubit gates, the key in the dictionary indicates the qubits the gate operates on
        one_qubit_gate_fidelities={"r": {0: 0.999, 1: 0.999, 2: 0.999, 3: 0.999, 4: 0.999}},
        two_qubit_gate_fidelities={"cz": {(0, 2): 0.999, (1, 2): 0.999, (3, 2): 0.999, (4, 2): 0.999}},

>         # Gate fidelities for one and two qubit gates, the key in the dictionary indicates the qubits the gate operates on

Reviewer 3: Copy-pasted comment, should it be "Gate depolarization rates"?

                                                                                              ║
           meas_2: ═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╩═

Simulating the execution of a transpiled circuit locally
--------------------------------------------------------

> The execution of any transpiled circuit can be simulated locally, before actually executing it on
> real hardware, by executing it on an :class:`.IQMFakeBackend` instance: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The execution of circuits can be simulated locally, with a noise model to mimic the real hardware as much as possible. To this end, Qiskit on IQM provides the class  :class:`.IQMFakeBackend` that can be instantiated with properties of a certain QPU, or subclasses of it such as :class:`.IQMFakeAdonis` that represent certain quantum architectures with pre-populated properties and noise model. 
```

.. code-block:: python

    from qiskit import execute, QuantumCircuit
    from qiskit_iqm import IQMFakeAdonis
    from qiskit.compiler import transpile

    circuit = QuantumCircuit(2)
    circuit.h(0)
    circuit.cx(0, 1)
    circuit.measure_all()

    backend = IQMFakeAdonis()

>     circuit = transpile(circuit, backend=backend)

Reviewer 2: you don't need to transpile manually, the `execute` function will take care of it

    job = execute(circuit, backend, qubit_mapping=None, shots=1000)
    job.result().get_counts()

Above we use an :class:`.IQMFakeAdonis` instance to run a noisy simulation of ``circuit``

> after transpiling it for that specific backend.

Reviewer 2: if you remove the transpile step, this line will need to be changed as well

> :class:`IQMFakeBackend` can be initialized using an :class:`IQMChipSample` instance, which describes the
> physical properties of the QPU specimen to be simulated. If not provided, by default each
> :class:`IQMFakeBackend` subclass uses representative values for that QPU type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

        t1s={"QB1": 50000.0, "QB2": 50000.0, "QB3": 50000.0, "QB4": 50000.0, "QB5": 50000.0},
        # T2 times in ns for all qubits, index indicates the qubit number
        t2s={"QB1": 50000.0, "QB2": 50000.0, "QB3": 50000.0, "QB4": 50000.0, "QB5": 50000.0},
        # Gate fidelities for one and two qubit gates, the key in the dictionary indicates the qubits the gate operates on
        one_qubit_gate_fidelities={"r": {"QB1": 0.999, "QB2": 0.999, "QB3": 0.999, "QB4": 0.999, "QB5": 0.999}},
        two_qubit_gate_fidelities={"cz": {("QB1", "QB3"): 0.999, ("QB2", "QB3"): 0.999, ("QB4", "QB3"): 0.999, ("QB5", "QB3"): 0.999}},
        # Gate depolarization rates for one and two qubit gates, the key in the dictionary indicates the qubits the gate operates on
        one_qubit_gate_depolarization_rates={"r": {0: 0.0001, 1: 0.0001, 2: 0.0001, 3: 0.0001, 4: 0.0001}},
        two_qubit_gate_depolarization_rates={"cz": {("QB1", "QB3"): 0.001, ("QB2", "QB3"): 0.001, ("QB4", "QB3"): 0.001, ("QB5", "QB3"): 0.001}},
        # Gate durations in ns
        one_qubit_gate_durations={"r": 40.0},
        two_qubit_gate_durations={"cz": 80.0},
        id_="sample-chip",
    )

>     IQMFakeBackend(some_chip_sample)

Reviewer 2: I think this part of the user guide is to too verbose. We could just point to the documentation of chip sample which already contains an example of creating a chip sample instance, and IQMFakeBackend documentation contains example how to create fake backend
